.. _faq:

==========================
Frequently Asked Questions
==========================


Python Sphinx Autodoc Is Not Rendering on readthedocs
=====================================================

The project's dependencies are not specified on RTD, but instead have installed the dependencies locally. Visit the
project's Builds, click a build, and click "view raw"::

    WARNING: autodoc: failed to import module 'rnn' from module 'screwdriver_cd_python_sdk'; the following exception was raised:
    No module named 'matplotlib'

To remedy the situation, we must specify that the project's dependencies to be installed. See
`Specifying Dependencies <https://docs.readthedocs.io/en/stable/guides/reproducible-builds.html>`_.


Generate Sphinx Documentation Locally
=====================================

This site is auto-generated using `Sphinx <https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/>`_ with the following command in venv::

    cd /path/to/screwdriver-cd-python-sdk/
    python3 -m venv venv
    source venv/bin/activate
    pip3 install .
    pip3 install -r docs/source/requirements.txt
    sphinx-build -a -b html docs/source/ /path/to/html/output/dir
    deactivate

.. NOTE::
   The command above works for Linux/UNIX systems. Some commands will
   `differ on Windows OS <https://realpython.com/python-virtual-environments-a-primer/>`_


Install SDK from Source Locally
===============================

We recommend creating a virtualenv for your application and activate it

Navigate to the ``screwdriver-cd-python-sdk`` root directory and run::

    pip3 install -e .

For more general information, please refer to the
`Hitchhiker's Guide to Python <https://docs.python-guide.org/writing/structure/#structuring-your-project>`_: "Structuring Your Project".


"module 'collections' has no attribute 'Callable' Error When Running nosetests
==============================================================================

First, uninstall nose with the following command::

    pip3 uninstall -y nose

Second, reinstall nose but with ``--nobinaries`` flag::

    pip3 install -U nose --no-binary :all:

Why does this work? At the time of this writing the binary generated by nose was likely generated with a version of
Python 3.4 or older. This command forces to rebuild from source.


No module named 'pytest' while Running Test Directly in PyCharm
===============================================================

"Right-click" run a ``test_**.py`` file results in::

    Traceback (most recent call last):
      File "/Applications/PyCharm CE.app/Contents/plugins/python-ce/helpers/pycharm/_jb_pytest_runner.py", line 5, in <module>
        import pytest
    ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'pytest'

The solution is going to '**Settings** -> **Tools** -> **Python Integrated Tools**' and scroll down to where it says
`pytest not found` and there is a **FIX** button. Clicking on it and apply the settings shall resolve the problem
